An update to S68 (Deleted diameter topology) (#1382)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000068/properties/P000038.md

  name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> Every Euclidean circle with subset topology is homeomorphic to {S170} which is {P38}. Any two points lie on a common circle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Euclidean circle with the subspace topology induced from $X$ is homeomorphic to {S170} which is {P38}. Any two points lie on a common circle.
```
clarify to avoid confusion with the subspace topology induced from the Euclidean topology (even if it does not really matter after the fact)
